Add clarifying note for iOS push action buttons (#7407)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/push_notifications/customization/action_buttons.md

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

Once you register categories in your application, use the Braze dashboard to send notifications of that type to your users. Define your custom notification category in the **Compose** step of the push composer.

{% alert note %}

> Defining custom notification categories on the Braze dashboard is only required for action buttons that have special actions, like deeplinking into the application or opening a web URL. You do not need to define click behavior for action buttons that simply dismiss a notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining custom notification categories on the Braze dashboard is only required for action buttons that have special actions, like deep linking into the application or opening a web URL. You do not need to define click behavior for action buttons that simply dismiss a notification.
```

I know this is typically two words when used as a noun, so I thought maybe that'd be correct here as well. Does look a little weird as two words though, to be honest.
